hi everyone so I am going to do a box
opening this is my third or fourth
shipment from julep and I haven't even
peeked I just barely cut the tape why I
can't open this without tearing it but
oh because I'm doing it the wrong way
okay so this one is boho glam and not at
all what I expected so it's got this
black kind of cute black school glee
stuff that kind of looks like my hair
and some purple tissue paper and this
one has a makeup bag which actually
isn't bad and it says julep don't mind
the strings and that's kind of cute
little enamel zipper pull cute on my
nails right now by the way is julep
dennery which is the gray shade it's
already starting to chip I did it the
night before last so it's trippin a
little bit but the pink is the OPI sorry
i just keep shoving my hands in the
camera screen um the pink is okay i can
shatter so let's see what's inside and a
whole lot of gauzy type it's not tissues
like gods and this is what it looks like
on the inside very interesting color
Selena does it kind of remind you a baby
poop that's so appealing it's a very
strange color it looks a little more
green when you open it very interesting
well I can safely say i don't have
anything like this in my collection I
got some samples age-defying hand right
in our spf30 hand cream and glycolic
hand scrub I have both of these um the
brightening and the glycolic in the
full-size and then this is the SPF 30
which I'm happy to try because I do want
to get some more hand cream from them
and then a gloss called extravagant
honestly I didn't even realize they did
gloss pout plumping lip gloss to
moisturize shine and give you fuller
sexier lips a warm pearlized golden
bronze um probably not going to open
that I don't think that's a color for me
it does look pretty but I think this is
probably better on darker more olive
type skin tones so i don't think i'm
going to open that one um very
interesting shipment um yeah not quite
sure what I think about that to be
honest um I kind of like the color it is
funky it's a little almost mustardy
chartreuse e very interesting I will
definitely try that um I really enjoy
their skin products the hand products
the scrub and the hand cream I keep them
both by my kitchen sink and I use them
frequently so I really like those I was
actually kind of hoping that this Shimon
oh and i love the nail treatment the
base coat that they have
I think they just call it Oh nail
therapy is what they call it really
really like that that stuff seems to
work really well even on my pathetic
nails but I was kind of hoping this
shipment would have either the cuticle
oil or the growth serum they have some
treatment product that you can put
around your nail bed and helps your
nails grow stronger but no I got a glass
instead so whatever we'll see what next
month holds if you're interested in
signing up for julep it is a monthly
subscription I think it's 1999 but if
you sign up the first time you can get a
code I don't remember what the codes I
but if I can find them quickly for you I
will make an annotation or something or
just go to retailmenot.com and punchin
julep calm and it'll show you all of the
codes that are available at the moment
and you can get your first shipment for
five dollars or ten dollars which is a
really good deal in the first shipment
includes the well I hope maybe mine just
included that I don't know maybe they're
random I don't know had the nail therapy
in it anyway so totally worth getting
even just for the first month and then
cancel if you want you can do shelf
poles which means they will send you an
email and tell you what products they
have chosen for you and you go back to
their site and request a shelf pull and
they will change the selection to
something different I did not do that I
probably should have because I really
don't care for the glass it might be a
really nice glass but I don't like the
color so there's no point in me opening
it and using it um but um yeah it's once
a month and I don't know what else to
say about that anyway there's a link
below if you would like to order and the
link will give me crit what is it a
voucher I don't know I haven't used any
of it yet so I don't really know exactly
how that works but I will get credit for
it so if you'd like to do that go ahead
if you don't want to do that that's okay
to just go to the website and check it
out because they have a lot of rolling
polish so that's it thank you so much
for watching and have a great day bye